Docs: live dashboards tooltip issue (#125673)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/visualizations/dashboards/troubleshoot-dashboards/index.md

{{< figure src="/static/img/docs/troubleshooting/grafana_null_zero.png" max-width="1200px" alt="Graph with null values not connected" >}}

As you can see, there's a significant difference in the visualizations.

## Tooltip doesn't stay open when clicked

> If you click a data point expecting the tooltip to stick open so you can scroll or copy its content, but the tooltip immediately disappears or resets, the **Refresh live dashboards** setting is likely the cause.

Author: ```suggestion
If you click a data point expecting the tooltip to stay open so you can scroll or copy its content, but the tooltip immediately disappears or resets, the **Refresh live dashboards** setting is likely the cause.
```

When you enable **Refresh live dashboards** on a dashboard, Grafana continuously re-renders panels as data arrives.

> If the refresh interval is too high, each re-render dismisses any pinned tooltip before you can interact with it.

Reviewer: too low?

Author: Lol, yes!

Author: ```suggestion
If the refresh interval is too low, each re-render dismisses any pinned tooltip before you can interact with it.
```

To fix this, do one of the following:

> - **Disable Refresh live dashboards**: Open the dashboard settings, go to **General**, and turn off **Refresh live dashboards**. The tooltip stays open on click after the next render cycle.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Disable live refresh**: Open the dashboard settings, go to **General**, and toggle off the **Refresh live dashboards** switch. Tooltips remain open on click after the next render cycle.
```

> - **Increase the refresh interval**: If you need live updates, set a longer refresh interval so the tooltip has time to stay open between re-renders.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Increase the refresh interval**: If you need live updates, open the dashboard settings, go to **General**, and increase the **Auto refresh** value. This provides enough time between dashboard re-renders for the tooltip to remain open.
```
